Docs: fixed arrayDifference(arr) and arrayDistinct(arr) (#7942)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/query_language/functions/array_functions.md

A special function. See the section ["ArrayJoin function"](array_join.md#functions_arrayjoin).

## arrayDifference {#arraydifference}

> Calculates the difference between adjacent array elements. Returns an array where the first element will be 0, the second is the difference between `a[1] - a[0]`, etc. The type of elements in the resulting array is determined by the type inference rules for subtraction (e.g. `UInt8` - `UInt8` = `Int16`). The type `Decimal` is not supported.

Reviewer: * "Decimal type is not supported" would sound better. What about other types that have arithmetics like Date/DateTime?
* Link to rules of subtraction + I'd move it to "Returned values" section
* What happens for an empty array?

Example of the overflow due to result type Int64:

Query:

```sql
SELECT arrayDifference([0, 10000000000000000000])
```

Result:

```text
┌─arrayDifference([0, 10000000000000000000])─┐
│ [0,-8446744073709551616]                   │
└────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## arrayDistinct {#arraydistinct}

> Takes an array, returns an array containing the distinct elements only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Takes an array, returns an array containing only distinct elements from input array.
```

**Syntax** 

```sql
arrayDistinct(array)
```

**Parameters** 

- `array` – [Array](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/data_types/array/). 

**Returned values**

> Returns an array containing the distinct elements. Type of elements depends on the largest value in the array.

Reviewer: > Type of elements depends on the largest value in the array.
Hardly correct, types don't depend on values except for literals.

Type: [UInt*](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/data_types/int_uint/#uint-ranges), [Int*](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/data_types/int_uint/#int-ranges), [Float*](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/data_types/float/).

**Example**

Query:

```sql
SELECT arrayDistinct([1, 2, 2, 3, 1])
```

Result:

```text
┌─arrayDistinct([1, 2, 2, 3, 1])─┐
│ [1,2,3]                        │
└────────────────────────────────┘
```

> Example of rounding due to result type Float64:

Reviewer: Needs some explanation on why there's a Float64

Example of the overflow due to result type Int64:

Query:

```sql
SELECT arrayDifference([0, 10000000000000000000])
```

Result:

```text
┌─arrayDifference([0, 10000000000000000000])─┐
│ [0,-8446744073709551616]                   │
└────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## arrayDistinct {#arraydistinct}

> Takes an array, returns an array containing unique elements only.

Reviewer 2: The term "the distinct elements" sounds more accurate to me.

Considering:
`[1,2,2,2,3,3,4]` -> `[1,2,3,4]`
vs.
`[1,2,2,2,3,3,4]` -> `[1,4]`

Author: Done

└────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

<<<<<<< HEAD
[Original article](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/query_language/functions/array_functions/) <!--hide-->

> =======

Reviewer: some merge issues
